Fix #8591: Game loop does not run at a consistent tick rate of 40 Hz (#8594)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#8469] Crash modifying colour on hacked rides.
- Fix: [#8508] Underground roto-drop is not going up.
- Fix: [#8555] Multiplayer window text limits are not computed properly.

> - Fix: [#8591] Run game loop at consistent tick rate of 40hz.

Reviewer: This should list the problem that was fixed, rather than the solution.
```suggestion
- Fix: [#8591] Game loop does not run at a consistent tick rate of 40 Hz.
```
